==Life==
Each hero starts with two beers of life

==Mana==
1 mana per seltzer or water drank

1 mana per slice of pizza

= Dota skills/heros =

====Lina====
  Dragon Slave:: Send a fiery dragon at an enemy hero. They drink 1/4 beer.
    Cost: 1 mana
  Laguna Blade:: Strike a hero with a nip of fireball
    Cost: 3 mana

====Phantom Assassin ====
  Critical Strike:: Can call on anyone to finish their beer.
    Cost: 3 mana
  Blur:: You may dodge one spell this game
    Cost: Free, use once.

====Omninight====
  Repel:: Any spell targeted at you may be bounced back to its caster
    Cost: 2 mana
    
====Legion Commander====
  Duel:: You may challenge a hero to a duel of rocks paper scissors. If you win, they drink 1/4 beer and you may immediately duel another target. If you lose, you drink 1/2 beer.
    Cost: 1 mana
    
====IO====
  Tether:: You may tether yourself to another hero until either of your beers are finished.  Spells targeting either of you are split between the two of you, lightening the load.
    Cost: 2 mana
    
====Ancient Apparition====
  Ice Blast:: Call on a hero to drink 1/4 beer. If their beverage is 20% full or less, they have to finish it.
    Cost: 2 mana
    
====Silencer====
  Arcane Curse:: Target opponent can't cast a spell until their beer is empty.
    Cost: 2 mana
  Global Silence:: At any time, yell "GLOBAL SILENCE". No spells may be cast for the next 10 minutes.
    (You may only cast this once)
    
====Dazzle====
  Shallow Grave:: You may protect someone from any spell causing them to drink
    Cost: 2 mana
    (You may only cast this once).
  Shadow Word:: You may "heal" another hero by swapping their beer for a seltzer or water.  On cast, you may also choose to "heal" yourself as well.
    Cost: 2 mana
    
====Vengeful Spirit====
  Magic Missle:: Upon casting magic missle, the target is stunned and cannot move until they finish their beer.
    Cost: 2 mana
   
====Terrorblade====
  Sunder:: Immediately switch beers with any opponent.
    Cost: 2 mana

====Enigma====
  Balck Hole:: When cast, any heroes you are physically touching must finish their beer.
    Cost: 5 mana
    
====Rubick====
  Spell Steal:: If cast within 2 seconds of another spell, you steal that spell and can choose a new target. If you don't cast the stolen spell by the end of your beer, you lose the spell and must steal a new one.
    Cost: 2 mana
  
====Puck====
  Phase Shift:: You teleport to another dimension to dodge a spell.
    Cost: 1 mana
  Dream Coil:: When cast, anyone you are physically touching are bound together. When one drinks, they all drink until one of them finishes their drink.
    Cost: 4 mana
    
